Release 4 update versions dropdown with 5.1 (TO MERGE AFTER STABLE BRANCH UPDATE) (#2730)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: product-stack/tyk-sync/installing-tyk-sync.mdx

3. **Verification**

    ```bash
    tyk-sync version
    ```

## Install on macOS (Homebrew)

<Note>

> Homebrew installation is available from Tyk Sync **v[TODO: first version published with a working Homebrew formula]** onwards. For earlier versions, use [Packagecloud](#install-via-package-manager-packagecloud) or [Docker](#install-on-docker) instead. `brew install` always installs the latest version - it cannot install an older version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Homebrew installation is available from Tyk Sync **v2.2.0** onwards. For earlier versions, use [Docker](#install-on-docker) instead.
```
